# ORRH Decompilation
This decompilation is pretty much in a functional and working place, but its not so readable currently due to the fact its basically just been cleaned up and fixed to where it will compile, and run. This one hasnt done any deep dives into how this code really works but it already sees some spots for improvement. The only file not included at the moment or probably into the future is the TTS helper, this was written in something else than C#, likely C++ or rust, probably to integrate with the old TTS software it relies on, and decompiling it will be a difficult task it doesnt really see as worth it for a feature which doesn't work all that well or is really wanted, so you might as well make it from scratch anyway. Besides this, the files will compile to something at least 99% functional with real ORRH, it has tried it and all the functions here work properly.

## Building
Thanks to dotnet this project doesnt require any particular special setup, you should be able to clone the repository with git and open it in Visual Studio 2022, as long as you have the dotnet 6.0 SDK installed and ASP.NET SDK you will be able to simply just build, the dependencies should be pulled automatically by nuget. The launcher project is OnlyRetroRobloxHere when you build this all the files will be placed in the bin folder.

## Note
It doesnt really know what its doing and is a noob at working on anything shared with others, pointers and help from anyone more experienced if it adds you here is very welcome. It also doesn't know that much about ASP.NET and the WebServer just seems to close itself when it tries to debug it, probably because it needs some arguments to start, and it didnt really look into what that protocol might be, but it should be easier with the code in this state.
